Update README file: add Description, Installation, Authors and License sections. (#5)
pingvin1977/ios-school-homeworks: README.md

# iOS School Homeworks

[![CocoaPods Platforms](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/m)](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/m?color=gree)

This repository contains completed homework tasks for learning the programming language `swift` 

> at the online school "iOS CocoaHeads August 2020". Each homework is in the separate directorys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the online school "iOS CocoaHeads August 2020". Each homework is in the separate directory.
```

Author: Fixed.

## Installation

> You need [Xcode](apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12) application to run works.

Reviewer: > _to run works_

Which works?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code is written in Xcode, so you need [Xcode](apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12) and CLT to run playgrounds/projects.
```

Reviewer: Also: which version of Xcode do I need? Is that ok to use Xcode 10?

Author: Added the Xcode version to the description and rewrote the installation.

# iOS School Homeworks

> [![CocoaPods Platforms](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/m)](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/m?color=gree)

Reviewer: 👍

> This repository contains practical homework solutions for learning the program language `swift` 

Reviewer: I didn't understand the sentence:

> for learning the program language `swift` school "iOS CocoaHeads August 2020"

Author: Rewrote description.

> school "iOS CocoaHeads August 2020". Homeworks is divided into directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
school "iOS CocoaHeads August 2020". Each homework is in the separate directory.
```

Author: Fixed.

## Installation

> You need [XCode](apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12) application to run jobs.

Reviewer: which jobs?

Author: Jobs corrected to works

> You need [XCode](apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12) application to run jobs.

Reviewer: Please remember how to write IDE's name: not `XCode`, but `Xcode`.

Author: Fixed.

In your chosen homework, you need to run file `contents.xcplayground` in the selected directory.

> ## Autors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authors
```

Author: Fixed.

> Thanks to my mentor [Dersim Davaod](github.com/dersim-davaod) who contributed a lot to this project and the volunteer

Reviewer: Please don't mention me :)
Also you don't have to mention ByChange (but you can if you want).

In the simplest form just leave it as:
```
## Authors
[Yury Gudyma](github-nickname)
```

as you're a main author.

Author: Changed the author.

group [ByChange](bychange.me) who made this project possible.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed.
